milestone 1 is due September 26th, Monday, 11PM. 	 

Please submit your milestone 1 report to the dropbox by Monday, September 26th. 11pm.

You should provide an analysis of your project's requirements. In particular,

You should use English to specify the functionality of the expected product.

You should also list the use-cases of your product using English
and UML use-case diagrams using the style and format explained in lecture.

I will create a dropbox for groups (teams) so that only one
submission per group (team) is needed.

On the report, you should write your team name, project name,
team members' names. Please also identify a team leader. 

You should try to start an iteration now to implement your project.
Please identify what you had completed for the first iteration on the
milestone report as well. You do not need to submit code.


Milestone 2 is due Oct 10th, 11PM 

The report should have 3 components:
1. text description of the design of your system
2. high-level UML diagrams such as package diagram for
the logical architecture, UML class classes and interaction
diagrams for lower level details.
3. how the design of your system correspond to the requirements
of the system given in the previous report.
Identify which system component implements which use-case. 

----------------------------------

Please note that you will present your design in class.
So please prepare a 10~15 minute presentation using powerpoint
as visual aid. Also, please start programming and I expect to
see some software demo in the presentation as well. Your app
does not have to be complete but you need to make sure you
have completed enough coding suitable for the 2nd iteration.


Milestone 3 is due October 24th

The report for milestone 3 is due October 24th.

Please package everything in one zip file. 
 
It should contain the following components:
1. a text description of what modules you have implemented
and how you have tested your completed modules. Describe
your test cases. You may want to have two kinds of test cases:
positive ones and negative ones where the positive test cases
should always pass while the negative ones should always fail.
Explain what test cases your code has passed and which test
cases will be left for the next iteration.
2. completed code.
You should include your eclipse project file and make sure it
contains the source files. Make sure that they are compilable.
Provide instruction on how to test them.
3. code documentation. Please run javadoc or use eclipse to
generate the html API documentation. The source file should
contain comments so that javadoc can generate API documentation
with comments included. 
4. explain the correspondence between your code and the design
-- class diagrams and package diagrams.


milestone 4 is due November 7th 	 

For the 4th milestone, you will integrate the programming modules you developed
from the previous milestone and perform some integration test. I expect to see
some functionalities of your running program. 

What to submit:
1. introduction on what you had done since the previous milestone.
Also discuss the measures you had taken or plan to take to apply
the nine GRASP patterns to make your design better.
You don't have to mention all of them, just the ones
that you think are applicable to your design and implementation. 
2. source code. Compiled executable program. Also include
the instruction on how to run your program.
 
3. source code documentations. Same requirement as before 
4. test cases. Please include both the unit test cases and integration test.
Integration test may be created within JUnit but sometimes you may not be able to.
If you can use JUnit, please do so and document that this is actually an
integration test. If you can't use JUnit, you should document the steps in
running the integration 